
# An experiment to compare the sampling rate of RDDLSim vs. the AOS
In this experiment, we altered RDDLSim, so its code repeatedly samples the next state, reward, and observation for one second and reports the number of samples. </br>

It can evaluate the sampling rate of any RDDL domain using the following command
`./runRddlSimExperiment.bash <RDDL_files_directory_path> <instance_name>`

for exmple:</br>
`./runRddlSimExperiment.bash ~/Projects/AOS-experiments/Additional Examples/compareRDDLSimToAOS created_plps_instance`

* you will need to edit the runRddlSimExperiment.bash for jars in java path.

We altered the AOS-Solver auto-generated code in the same way so it can report the sampling rate.

## We tested RDDLSim on two domains:
### 1. An Armadillo robot experiment domain that was conducted in our lab.
 A.  The RDDL domain was autogenerated using a PLPToRDDL tool.   
It is possible to perform the experiment on any machine (after downloading and compiling the code) by running the following command:</br>
`./runRddlSimExperiment.bash <path_to_code_directory> created_plps_instance`</br>
The results were that *the domain generative module sampling rate was 12,500 samples per second*.
</br></br>
B. We used the AOS documentation to generate the AOS-Solver. We altered its code so it will resample from the generative for one second and report the number of samples.</br>
It is possible to perform the experiment on any machine (after downloading and compiling the code) by running the following command:</br>
`./AOS-Solver/build/examples/cpp_models/plps_domain/despot_plps_domain`</br>
The results were that *the domain generative module sampling rate was 452,052 samples per second*.

### 2.We tried the wild fire domain described in the RDDL tutorial:
A. The RDDLSim results were that *the domain generative module sampling rate was 25,300 samples per second*.</br>
To run the experiment use:</br>
`./runRddlSimExperiment.bash <path_to_code_directory> wildfire_inst_mdp__1_v2`</br>

B. TBD: document the wild fire domain and run the same experiment on the AOS.
